[Music]
recent leaks hint that meta is gearing
up to unveil a new generation of smart
glasses this year these glasses are
expected to build on the popular meta
rayb bands by adding a built-in display
for showing camera previews phone
notifications and more while specifics
were notably absent from Mark
Zuckerberg's recent Q 42024 investor
call he did emphasize a third generation
leap and hinted at 2025 being a pivotal
year for meta in smart eyewear
Zuckerberg's remarks centered on meta's
successful Rayban meta AI glasses and
their potential trajectory he cautiously
discussed the impact of third generation
technology on future iterations
suggesting meta's Ambitions could lead
to millions or even billions of AI
glasses in the future with two
generations of Rayban smart glasses
already out since 2021 the stage seems
set for meta to unveil its third
generation this year despite no explicit
launch promises while Zuckerberg and
leaks have hinted at what's to come the
specifics remain vague so what can we
expect from these new glasses here's
what leaks suggest along with a few
hopes for improvements leaks point to a
single in- lens display positioned to
cover approximately half of the user's
Vision it's not expected to be fully
immersive but will provide a subtle
overlay for information if it's a full
color display that would be a big step
forward the idea is to enhance user
interaction without obstructing natural
vision a definite step toward more
advanced AR
capabilities battery life on the current
gen Rayban metag glasses is around 4
hours which isn't great with the
addition of a display maintaining even
that runtime might be a challenge but
hopefully meta has worked on improving
efficiency another area that needs an
upgrade is the camera every new
generation comes with improved image
quality and this one should be no
different while the current 12mp camera
works for meta ai's look and ask feature
higher resolution and better sensors
would make these glasses much more
useful for capturing everyday moments
Zuckerberg also stated 2025 is set to be
a defining moment in deciding whether we
are on a path toward Mass adoption of
hundreds of millions or even billions of
AI powered smart glasses if meta truly
wants Mass adoption pricing needs to
reflect that a lower price point or at
least a competitive one will be key to
making these glasses
mainstream well that is all for this
video thanks for watching peace
[Music]